Add `:` prefix to artifactId in liberty:dev sample command (#1562)
OpenLiberty/ci.maven: docs/dev.md

$ mvn liberty:dev
```

Liberty server configuration files (such as `server.xml`) will be used from the module that does not have any other modules depending on it.  If there is more than one module without other modules depending on it, specify which module with Liberty configuration that you want to use by including the parameters `-pl :<module-with-liberty-config-artifact-id> -am`.  
For example, to use Liberty configuration from a module named `ear`, run:
```
$ mvn liberty:dev -pl :ear -am
```

> 

Reviewer: I agree this would be of value to add, thanks!

$ mvn liberty:dev
```

Liberty server configuration files (such as `server.xml`) will be used from the module that does not have any other modules depending on it.  If there is more than one module without other modules depending on it, specify which module with Liberty configuration that you want to use by including the parameters `-pl :<module-with-liberty-config-artifact-id> -am`.  

> For example, to use Liberty configuration from a module named `ear`, run:

Reviewer 2: Perhaps this should say `module id ear` because `named` seems to suggest file name.

> For example, to use Liberty configuration from a module named `ear`, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to use Liberty configuration from a module with artifact id `ear`, run:
```

> Liberty server configuration files (such as `server.xml`) will be used from the module that does not have any other modules depending on it.  If there is more than one module without other modules depending on it, specify which module with Liberty configuration that you want to use by including the parameters `-pl <module-with-liberty-config> -am`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Liberty server configuration files (such as `server.xml`) will be used from the module that does not have any other modules depending on it.  If there is more than one module without other modules depending on it, specify which module with Liberty configuration that you want to use by including the parameters `-pl :<module-with-liberty-config-artifact-id> -am`.  
```
